family How are you doing well I'm not going to be
mysterious because you've probably already seen it in
the title many of you were asking me
these days
many of you have asked me on Twitter
in the comments of the videos even
yesterday in Enrique's live the chat was
full of questions Hey what's going on with
Marina when is Marina coming back what do we know
about Marina Marina is coming back tonight
calm down okay I'm going to get angry I'm
even going to get jealous you ask more about
Marina than about me when I open
live let's see yes it's true that
everyone loves Marina a lot hernal
yes it's true that I'm also looking forward to her
coming back to the Channel And yes it
's true that also meeting up with her
pushes me more to do live shows no
because many times I'm so crazy with so many
channels that the live shows many
times unless they are topics topics
topics I know I'm good at I do them in videos and
such No but well yes tonight
Marina esnal is coming back to the Channel okay I wanted to
let you know in a video apart from the fact that I
'm already announcing it on Twitter also
tonight we're going back to routine we're going back to
normal
and soon we'll be back stronger soon
we will come back stronger and for more days but for
now the typical thing is worth at
least once a week will be here with
us tomorrow Johanna Morillas is coming we
also have to talk about several
things Joanna die already has some
exclusives about Patricia Donoso
leaving Telecinco the abandonment of
survivors and the consequences that
could bring and so on and today with Marina
well we have a lot of thinking we have a lot of
thinking because Antonio David's lawyer
has already warned Spanish television
of well the consequences that could
happen if he goes ahead he has
even sent them the procedures the
orders so that they know what they can
broadcast and what they can't and what's up so we'll
see what decisions they make and apart from that there is
a lot of confusion with this
Women's Day not with the Feminist Day in
which Carlota Corredera has received a
escrache she was giving a talk with
Irene Montero Carlota Corredera today and they
started to dive they started to
boo her get out of here we don't want you I
am not a feminist anyway a humiliation and
an embarrassment that of course I
expected because in the end not all people
are stupid Although some  Maybe it doesn't
seem like it anymore So nothing, I'm very happy, I'm going to take
advantage of the afternoon to enjoy
the children and the family a little and
disconnect for a while
[Music] I
had to say it and such And tonight we'll
see each other at 10:30 okay don't
miss me at 10:30 we'll see each other